[native] Symlink table mapping for Delta table access via Hive Connector (#23536)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto-cpp.rst

* Hive connector for reads and writes, including CTAS, are supported.

> * Hive connector supports Delta table access using Symlink table using Hive Connector in Prestissimo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hive connector supports Delta Lake table access using Symlink table using Hive Connector in Prestissimo.
```
Should it be "Delta table access", or "Delta Lake table access"? If the first, please ignore this comment.

>   Details about Delta Symlink table is available `here <https://docs.delta.io/latest/presto-integration.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: nit: `are available`

CC: @steveburnett for doc review

>   Details about Delta Symlink table is available `here <https://docs.delta.io/latest/presto-integration.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For more information about Symlink tables, see `Presto, Trino, and Athena to Delta Lake integration using manifests <https://docs.delta.io/latest/presto-integration.html>`_.
```
When creating links, it is better to provide words that help the reader know where they are going to go before they click the link. Instead of "here" or similar phrasing, an easy way to do this is to use the title of the destination page.
